For years now, the wandering trader has
been the punching bag of the Minecraft
community, and it drives me crazy. I
started playing my super flat survival
world in 2012, and for the seven years
until he was added, the only wood type I
had was oak. I didn't have access to
basic crafting items like sand and
sugarcane, and even entire colors were
impossible to get without his cactus and
die trade. And with recent updates, the
list of items I rely on him for has
expanded dramatically. Basically,
everything changed when WanT was
introduced, and he's probably the only
reason I'm still playing in my world
today. So, I've been telling people to
stop killing him for a long time, but
the excuse is always the same. I did it
for the leads. Well, that's finally
about to change. Mojang adjusted the
crafting recipe for leads in the
upcoming drop to no longer require slime
balls, making them so much easier to
craft early game. Not only that, but
they added the ability to sever leads
with shears, which allows you to take
the wandering trader leads easily
without having to kill him or his
llamas. At this point, there is no
excuse anymore. From now on, if you try
and touch my boy, you're going to have
to go through